Improve wording for the 2 search mode of neural sparse documentation (#7718)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/neural-sparse-search.md

When selecting a model, choose one of the following options:

> - Use a sparse encoding model at both ingestion time and search time for high search relevance with relatively high latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a sparse encoding model at both ingestion time and search time for better search relevance at the expense of relatively high latency.
```

> - Use a sparse encoding model at ingestion time and a tokenizer at search time for low search latency with relatively low search relevance. The tokenism doesn't conduct model inference, so you can deploy and invoke a tokenizer using the ML Commons Model API for a more consistent experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a sparse encoding model at ingestion time and a tokenizer at search time for lower search latency at the expense of relatively worse search relevance. Tokenization doesn't involve model inference, so you can deploy and invoke a tokenizer using the ML Commons Model API for a more consistent experience.
```

Reviewer 2: Changed "worse" to "lower" with regard to "relevance".
